# Abstract
VANET is a wireless network providing communication between vehicle to vehicle (V2V) as well as a vehicle to infrastructure (V2I) throughout the networks. 
Data falsification attack in VANET leads to an incorrect exchange of information about position and speed between nodes. 
So, there is a need to propose a method that can differentiate attacker and non-attacker data. There are various machine learning algorithms implemented. 
Here, the focus is given to a particular type of attack (Congestion-based Sybil attack) and implementation of different machine learning and deep learning models to check the performance of each model.
It was observed that out of all the models performed, federative learning can be used and implemented to solve this problem as it is time-efficient and is a decentralized node learning technique with continuous learning over time, which is best suited for this problem.

# Data Pre Processing
## Data Merging
The VeReMi extension dataset is a collection of JSON log files containing all the data. Therefore, firstly we need to merge all the JSON and convert them into one single CSV file. We perform the data conversion and merging using python pandas and os libraries. Also, the log files contain data of two distinct types i.e., type 2 which is the GPS data, and type 3 which contains information about the BSM messages and the vehicle. In this study, we worked on only the type 3 data therefore we have only extracted data w.r.t type 3. Also, each log file name contains the information of the receiver id and whether that message is sent from an attacker or not, so we created a new column containing the name of the particular file.
## Data Transformation and Target Variable Creation
After combining all the log files into a single CSV file, the dataset contains 6.9 million observations and fifteen variables, the last variable is the self-created temporary variable named filename. We dropped all the columns containing noise to avoid any issues while working with machine learning algorithms and values in the speed, acceleration, heading direction, and position was stored in a vector containing values in x, y, and z-direction therefore we split all these values and appended them to new columns containing x, y and z values of each measure separately. The filename values are separated with a “-” and written in a format in which the receiver id is written at index 1 and information on whether the receiver id is an attacker or not can be concluded if the value at index 3 is A16 or A0 where, A16 means that all the data points wherever the receiver id of that observation matches with the sender id, all those records should be classified as the attacker.

# Conclusion
After implementing these different models, we analyzed that although we were not able to run the federative learning model for more communication rounds because of limited resources, in real-world scenario when we will deploy this model and every vehicle will run this model at its end then federated learning model will be the most suitable method of classifying the vehicle as an attacker or not. Also, we would be able to protect the privacy of the user by just sending the parameters learned to the global model instead of sending the BSM message.
